White T-Shirt?
Black ink?
This is not a cool t-shirt
Or?
Not correct!
This shirt means freedom
no sponsors
no editors
no authorities
Only you
the boss
And it is Easy
Just buy the shirt
Turn Your Sales Video
Be creative!
Upload it in Yeay
And be part of the Challenge
Share the video everywhere
Make noise and excite people's attention
Show your community,
that they can buy it In Yeay
Encourage them to be part of the campaign
You get € 10 for every shirt that you sell.
No ifs and buts
No stress for you
We will ship the shirt and take the rest
Everyone has the same opportunity to become a sales star.
Are you ready?
Are you willing to be #NotSponsored?